Wiki reorg: Remove RPC calls from Build and Maintain (#6201)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/chain-state-values.md

The auction ending period on Polkadot is <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.auctions.endingPeriod" defaultValue={72000} filter="blocksToDays"/> days long.

#### Block Hash Count

> On Polkadot, the maximum block number to block hash mappings to keep is <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.system.blockHashCount" defaultValue={4096}/> (about seven hours).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Polkadot, the maximum number of block hashes retained on-chain at any given time is <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.system.blockHashCount" defaultValue={4096}/> (which maps to seven hours given 6-second block times).
```

The waiting time before claiming a Polkadot child bounty reward is <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.bounties.bountyDepositPayoutDelay" defaultValue={115200} filter="blocksToDays"/> days.

> #### Chill Threshold

Reviewer: Not sure if this is still relevant. Check the last info note here https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/maintain-guides-how-to-chill#chill-other

The minimum amount to participate to a Polkadot crowdloan is <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.crowdloan.minContribution" defaultValue={50000000000} filter="humanReadable"/>.

#### Minimum Validator Bond

> To start a validator instance on Polkadot, the

Reviewer: Can be misleading to new entrants into the ecosystem. May be add a line saying this does not guarantee entry into active set and earning rewards and link to https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/maintain-guides-how-to-validate-polkadot#how-many-dot-do-i-need-to-become-an-active-validator

The waiting time before claiming a Kusama child bounty reward is <RPC network="kusama" path="consts.bounties.bountyDepositPayoutDelay" defaultValue={57600} filter="blocksToDays"/> days.

> #### Chill Threshold

Reviewer 2: Unless I am missing something, it seems that some parameters are only Kusama or only Polkadot, when it seems a tabbed layout would be needed here to include parameters from both chains (assuming it's a general page?)
